c:\users\itl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\bin\Debug\CoursesAndroid.dll
c:\users\itl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\bin\Debug\CoursesAndroid.pdb
c:\users\itl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\bin\Debug\CoursesAndroid.dll.mdb
c:\users\itl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\bin\Debug\CoursesAndroid.CoursesAndroid.apk
c:\users\itl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\bin\Debug\CoursesAndroid.CoursesAndroid-Signed.apk
c:\users\itl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\obj\Debug\CoursesAndroid.dll
c:\users\itl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\obj\Debug\CoursesAndroid.pdb
c:\users\itl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\obj\Debug\android\bin\CoursesAndroid.CoursesAndroid.apk
c:\users\itl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\obj\Debug\res\layout\main.xml
c:\users\itl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\obj\Debug\res\values\strings.xml
c:\users\itl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\itl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\users\itl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\itl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\obj\Debug\CoursesAndroid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\itl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\ps_top_card_03.png
c:\users\itl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\ps_top_card_04.png
c:\users\itl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\ps_top_card_02.png
c:\users\itl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\ps_top_card_01.png
c:\users\itl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\bin\Debug\CoursesLibrary.dll
c:\users\itl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\bin\Debug\CoursesLibrary.pdb
c:\users\itl\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\bin\Debug\CoursesLibrary.dll.mdb
C:\Users\itl\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\obj\Debug\res\layout\coursefragment.xml
C:\Users\itl\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
C:\Users\itl\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\obj\Debug\res\layout\courseactivity.xml
C:\Users\itl\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\ios_logo.png
C:\Users\itl\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\android_logo.png
C:\Users\itl\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\windows.png
C:\Users\itl\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\blackberry.png
C:\Users\itl\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Xamarin\Courses\CoursesAndroid\obj\Debug\res\layout\coursecategoryitem.xml
